Update index.adoc (#159)
tigergraph/cloud-docs: modules/cloud/modules/release-notes/pages/index.adoc

Cloud clusters are not automatically upgraded to a new TigerGraph version when a new version is released.
For version upgrades for existing clusters, please contact TigerGraph Support.

== July 2026 Updates
 
=== Feature Updates
 
* Improved the loading performance of the portal.
 
== June 2026 Updates
 
=== Fixed Issues
 

> * Fixed an issue where multi-node clusters in GCP `us-central1` and Azure South Africa North did not use multi-availability-zone deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where multi-node clusters in GCP `us-central1` and Azure `southafricanorth` did not use multi-availability-zone deployment.
```

Reviewer 2: This issue was caused by a deployment error. It is not a product bug, and the fix does not affect any other customers. Since this was a deployment-related issue, we should not include it in the release notes.

Author: @smtigergraph @duchoaile I have removed the fixed issue from June 2026. Please let me know if any other changes are needed.
